Deep Learning Worksheet-1

1. D
2. B
3. C
4. A
5. A
6. C
7. B
8. A
9. A,B,D
10. B

11. Deep Learning :
Deep learning is a type of machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) that imitates the way humans gain certain types of knowledge.
Deep learning is an important element of data science, which includes statistics and predictive modeling. 
It is extremely beneficial for collecting, analyzing and interpreting large amounts of data,deep learning makes this process faster and easier.

12.Reinforcement Learning :
Reinforcement Learning is defined as a Machine Learning method that is concerned with how software agents should take actions in an environment.
Reinforcement Learning is a part of the deep learning method that helps you to maximize some portion of the cumulative reward.

13.
Machine Learning :
1.ML uses types of automated algorithms which learn to predict future decisions and model functions using data fed into it.
2.The vaious algorithms are directed by the analyst to examine the different variables in the dataset.
3.Usually,there are a few thousand data points used for the analysis.
4.The output is usually a numerical value like a score or classification.

Deep Learning :
1.Deep Learning interprets data features and its relationship using neural networks which pass the relevant information through several stages
of data processing.
2.Once they are implemented,the algorithms are usually self directed for the relevant data analysis.
3.There are few million data points used for the analysis.
4.The output can be anything from a score,an element,free text or sound etc.

14.Perceptrons can be viewed as building blocks in a single layer in a neural network.
A neural network is an interconnected system of perceptrons, so it is safe to say perceptrons are the foundation of any neural network.
It is made up of four different parts:
Input Values or One Input Layer
Weights and Bias
Net sum
Activation function

15.
AI
1.Artificial intelligence is a technology which enables a machine to simulate human behavior.
2.In AI, we make intelligent systems to perform any task like a human.
3.Machine learning and deep learning are the two main subsets of AI.
4.AI is working to create an intelligent system which can perform various complex tasks.
5.The main applications of AI are Siri, customer support using catboats, Expert System, Online game playing, intelligent humanoid robot, etc.

ML:
1.Machine learning is a subset of AI which allows a machine to automatically learn from past data without programming explicitly.
2.In ML, we teach machines with data to perform a particular task and give an accurate result.
3.Deep learning is a main subset of machine learning.
4.Machine learning is working to create machines that can perform only those specific tasks for which they are trained.
5.The main applications of machine learning are Online recommender system, Google search algorithms, Facebook auto friend tagging suggestions, etc.