SQL - Worksheet-1

1. A,D
2. A,B
3. B
4. B
5. A
6. C
7. B
8. B
9. B
10. C


11. Data-warehouse
1.A Data Warehousing is process for collecting and managing data from varied sources to provide meaningful business insights.
2.Data warehouses are solely intended to perform queries and analysis and often contain large amounts of historical data.
3.The data within a data warehouse is usually derived from a wide range of sources such as application log files and transaction applications.
4.A data warehouse centralizes and consolidates large amounts of data from multiple sources. 
5.Its analytical capabilities allow organizations to derive valuable business insights from their data to improve decision-making.
6.Over time, it builds a historical record that can be invaluable to data scientists and business analysts. 

12. OLTP VS OLAP

OLAP :
1.Online Analytical Processing, a category of software tools which provide analysis of data for business decisions.
2.It is characterized by a large volume of data.
3.OLAP uses the data warehouse.
4.Mostly select operations.
5.The data in OLAP process might not be organized.
6.Designed for analysis of business measures by category and attributes.

OLTP :
1.Online transaction processing shortly known as OLTP supports transaction-oriented applications.
2.It is characterized by large numbers of short online transactions.
3.OLTP uses traditional DBMS.
4.Insert, Update, and Delete information from the database.
5.The data in the OLTP database is always detailed and organized.
6.Designed for real time business operations.


13. Characteristics of data-warehouse
There are three prominent data warehouse characteristics:
1.Integrated: The way data is extracted and transformed is uniform, regardless of the original source.
2.Time-variant: Data is organized via time-periods (weekly, monthly, annually, etc.).
3.Non-volatile: A data warehouse is not updated in real-time. 
It is periodically updated via the uploading of data, protecting it from the influence of momentary change.

14. Star schema
Star schema is widely used to develop or build a data warehouse and dimensional data marts.
It includes one or more fact tables indexing any number of dimensional tables.
The star schema is a necessary case of the snowflake schema. It is also efficient for handling basic queries.

15.SETL
SETL builds on Semantic Web (SW) standards and tools and supports developers by offering a number of powerful modules, classes, and methods for (dimensional and semantic) DW constructs and tasks.
Thus it supports semantic data sources in addition to traditional data sources, semantic integration, and creating or publishing a semantic (multidimensional) DW in terms of a knowledge base.
