Statistics Worksheet 4

1. a
2. a
3. b
4. d
5. c
6. b
7. b
8. a
9. c

10.Normal Distribution :
Normal distribution, also known as the Gaussian distribution, is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean, 
showing that data near the mean are more frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean. 
In graph form, normal distribution will appear as a bell curve.

11. Three was to handle missing data
	1. Listwise Deletion : Listwise deletion (complete-case analysis) removes all data for an observation that has one or more missing values.
	2. Pairwise Deletion : Pairwise deletion analyses all cases in which the variables of interest are present and thus maximizes all data available by an analysis basis.
	3. Dropping variables : If the data is missing for more than 60% observations but only if that variable is insignificant.
	
	Mean, Median and Mode
	Computing the overall mean, median or mode is a very basic imputation method, it is the only tested function that takes no advantage of the time series 
	characteristics or relationship between the variables.

12. A/B testing (also known as split testing or bucket testing) is a method of comparing two versions of a webpage or app against each other to determine which one performs better. 
	AB testing is essentially an experiment where two or more variants of a page are shown to users at random, and statistical analysis is used to determine which variation performs better for a given conversion goal.

13. Mean imputation of missing data acceptable practice - No
	Not good practice in general.
	If just estimating means: mean imputation preserves the mean of the observed data.
	Leads to an underestimate of the standard deviation.
	Distorts relationships between variables by pulling estimates of the correlation toward zero.

14.In statistics, linear regression is a linear approach to modeling the relationship between a scalar response (or dependent variable) and one or more explanatory variables (or independent variables)

15.The two main branches of statistics are descriptive statistics and inferential statistics.